Add kubectl datadog plugin doc (#82)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/kubectl-plugin.md

> # kubectl datadog plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Datadog Operator kubectl plugin
```

## install the plugin with krew

The Datatadog operator comes with a kubectl plugin that provides a set of helper went you want to get some inside components information.

> The installation is done with the [plugin manager krew](https://krew.sigs.k8s.io/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install please use the [krew plugin manager](https://krew.sigs.k8s.io/)
```

> The krew plugin manifest url can be found on the project [release page](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-operator/releases). Each release has an artifact: `datadog-plugin.yaml` manifest file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The krew plugin manifest url can be found on the project [release page](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-operator/releases). Each release has its own `datadog-plugin.yaml` manifest file.
```

```console
$ kubectl krew install --manifest-url https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-operator/releases/download/<release-version>/datadog-plugin.yaml
Installing plugin: datadog
Installed plugin: datadog
\
 | Use this plugin:
 | 	kubectl datadog
 | Documentation:
 | 	https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-operator
/
```

> ## available commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Available commands
```

```console
$ kubectl datadog --help
Usage:
  datadog [command]

Available Commands:
  agent
  clusteragent
  flare        Collect a Datadog's Operator flare and send it to Datadog
  get          Get DatadogAgent deployment(s)
  help         Help about any command
  validate

```

> ### agent sub-commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Agent sub-commands
```

```console
$ kubectl datadog agent --help
Usage:
  datadog agent [command]

Available Commands:
  check       Find check errors
  find        Find datadog agent pod monitoring a given pod
  upgrade     Upgrade the Datadog Agent version

```

> ### clusteragent sub-commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Cluster Agent sub-commands
```

```console
$ kubectl datadog clusteragent --help
Usage:
  datadog clusteragent [command]

Available Commands:
  leader      Get Datadog Cluster Agent leader
  upgrade     Upgrade the Datadog Cluster Agent version

> ```

Reviewer 2: we can add a section for the Validate command

Reviewer 2: ```
./kubectl-datadog validate ad                                   
Usage:
  datadog validate ad [command]

Available Commands:
  pod         Validate the autodiscovery annotations for a pod
  service     Validate the autodiscovery annotations for a service
```

Author: done

# Datadog Operator kubectl plugin

## Install the plugin with krew

> The Datatadog Operator comes with a kubectl plugin providing a set of helper utilities giving visibility into certain internal components which some users may find useful.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Datadog Operator comes with a kubectl plugin providing a set of helper utilities giving visibility into certain internal components which some users may find useful.
```

> To install please use the [krew plugin manager](https://krew.sigs.k8s.io/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To install, use the [krew plugin manager](https://krew.sigs.k8s.io/).
```

  leader      Get Datadog Cluster Agent leader
  upgrade     Upgrade the Datadog Cluster Agent version
```

### Validate sub-commands

```console

> $ kubectl datadog validate --help

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ kubectl datadog validate ad --help
```

Author: done
